welcome to the program at least 10
people have been killed in overnight in
overnight Israeli strikes in central
Gaza including a pregnant woman it
happened in the zaeda area buildings
Sheltering displaced people were
targeted by the strikes the bodies of
the dead and injured were taken to the
alaa hospital in De elal and as these
strikes continue throughout Gaza the
main UN Agency for Palestinian refugees
has now suspended food distribution to
displaced Palestinians in the southern
city of Rafa and that's because of
ongoing fighting in the area between the
Israeli Army and armed groups and an
order from the Army to flee the area
underwat supplies are now nearly
depleted after Israel closed land Roots
into Gaza it's gaza's largest
distributor of food Aid well almost 200
people patients their relatives and
medical workers have been trapped inside
the AL OD Hospital in Northern Gaza
since Sunday Israeli snipers are aiming
at the building and a rocket hit the
fifth floor the also opened fire on
Kamal adwan Hospital forcing staff and
displaced Palestinians to flee Axel
zovich
reports chaos and fear grip Northern
Gaza as Palestinians crumble for
safety seeking Refuge from Relentless
bombardment the Israeli Army has fired
on the Kamal Advan Hospital building in
B lahia forcing patients and medical
staff have to
flee among those evacuated are premature
babies and bedridden patients with
chronic
illnesses I really do not know what they
mean by this there is no explanation for
the attack on medical facilities it's
out of hubris thuggery and barbarism the
Israelis are acting according to their
desire and no one is able to hold them
to account this patient for example has
a fractured hip really I don't know what
to say
the Kamal Adan hospital has been
targeted by Israeli forces since Sunday
despite International laws protecting
hospitals staff say they have been
intentionally
targeted this is the last facility that
provides Medical Services in the north
of the Gaza Strip it's clear that this
barbaric attack was targeting on duty
medical staff in the reception in
emergency section this is further
evidence of the barbaric nature of the
occupation the Israeli military
offensive is ramping up across the Gaza
stet a drone attack in the yep refugee
camp killed young Palestinians venturing
out to find
food survivors were taken to the barely
functioning kuti Hospital in
Rafa the 7mon Israeli assault on Gaza
has already devastated most of the STP
and caused a dire humanitarian
crisis The intensifying Siege is also
causing severe food shortages pushing
Palestinians dangerously close to
famine Axel zovich Al
jazer T abum is in De Bala for us in
central Gaza and TK as you join us on
Wednesday morning let's just talk about
the latest strikes and where we should
be focusing our attention right now
well that's right soel in fact within
the 20 the past 24 hours the Isel
military is pressing on with its
military offensive across multiple areas
in the territory starting from zaa town
that is just only 3 kilm away from our
location from darel balah which is a
town in the middle regions that
Palestinians have been told to seek
refuge in at least in the latest attack
on a Palestinian Gathering of res of of
residents at least 10 Palestinians have
been reported killed including a
pregnant woman uh where Medics managed
to extract the baby who also was killed
uh from uh the attack that has been
carried out without any kind of Prior
warning now these victims have been pred
to Al AA Hospital in order later to be
prepared for burial but the attacks as
well continued in other parts of the
Gaza Strip including the north of the
territory in Deal a refugee camp were at
6 Palestinians have been reported killed
and it's worth remembering that the
military operation in ja Bali is still
ongoing as emergency and Rescuers are
completely struggling in order to
recover victims from under the remnants
of the shattered buildings in that camp
where at least 300 house has been have
been completely uh destroyed and
partially inflicted with the ongoing
military bombardment of that densely
populated area now we have been hearing
from Medics that both Al AA and Kamal
edwan Hospital are surrounded with
military tanks and Israeli troops that
is trying that are trying to take full
security control over the north of the
territor in particular in jabalia
refugee camp were at least within the
past 24 hours uh 80 Palestinians have
been reported killed with uh 200 others
being warded as there is no any kind of
let up in area or land bombardment till
this very moment so T thanks very much
for the update of course we'll monitor
things with you throughout the day from
der Bella thank
you make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al